# Omnis-FiveStars ##
For Omnis Studio 8.1.2 and above

Omnis FiveStars is a JSON defined component built around the fivestars component available 
from https://github.com/callmenick/five-star-rating

It is also described in the Omnis technote www.omnis.net/technotes/tnjc0009.jsp

## Contents ##
This repository includes the following:

### net.omnis.fivestars 

A folder containing the JSON definition file control.json as generated by the JSON Control Editor available from the Omnis Studio Add-Ons menu together with images used by the Omnis Studio Component Store and design environment.

### ctl_net_omnis_fivestars.js 

The javascript file used by Omnis Studio to communicate with the rating.js file below. Built up from the template file created by the JSON Control Editor Build option.

### rating.css, rating.js, stars.svg 

As downloaded from https://github.com/callmenick/five-star-rating

### FIVESTARS 

A folder containing an Omnis Studio library exported as JSON to demonstrate the Omnis Studio fivestars component.

## Installation ##
1. Ensure Omnis Studio is closed
2. Place the folder net.omnis.fivestars into the folder \html\controls (not \htmlcontrols) of your Omnis Studio tree, first creating the folder if it does not already exist.
3. Copy ctrl_net_omnis_fivestars.js and rating.js into the folder \html\scripts of your Omnis Studio tree.
4. Copy rating.css into the folder \html\css of your Omnis Studio tree.
5. Copy stars.svg into the folder \html\css\images of your Omnis Studio tree.
6. Add the following lines to your \html\jsctempl.htm file 
    a. Under the stylesheets
    
    ```<link type="text/css" href="css/rating.css" rel="stylesheet" />```
    
    b. Under the Omnis Studio Javascript client script comments
    
    ```javascript
    <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts/rating.js"></script>
    <script type="text/javascript" src="scripts/ctl_net_omnis_fivestars.js"></script>
    ```
     
7. Start Omnis Studio.
8. With the Libraries node selected in the Studio Browser, press the New Lib from JSON hyperlink, set the JSON tree path to the FIVESTARS folder (containing the demo library exported as JSON) and select a location for your new library.
9. Press Import and the demo library should be ready to use.
